with main service locations in the Faroe
Islands Greenland Canada and Norway
Vaman delivers fishing gear anywhere in
the world there is no substitute for
quality work and therefore we place a
strong emphasis on developing skills to
ensure that every piece of equipment
leaves the net loft in optimum condition
backed by a rolling programme of
constant research and development to
keep up with industry innovations
vallens technical team uses the latest
in computer simulation to develop
fishing gears and analyze their
performance while also making use of the
flume tank facilities and footage from
trawl cameras to analyze the fishing
gear and the behavior of the various
fish species our departments carry a
full inventory of marine hardware
ranging from warps wire and chain to
smaller items that are just as essential
on any fishing vessel right down to the
spare shackles gutting knives and
netting needles
we maintain a close contact with our
customers to monitor the performance of
the gear we supply and to obtain the
vital feedback that keeps us in touch
with what is really happening at sea
with a strong position and fishing gear
developed over more than four decades
fountain has become the preferred
supplier for a growing number of fishing
vessels across the globe
for more information visit our website
at Fallon com
you